-*- mode: org; -*-

* DONE Visual boost effect still active on respawning when dying before its end.
	 CLOSED: [2011-07-26 Tue 14:40]
  That reminds me of a song ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JhBw80Y54gg
  Oh wait, it's "boots" -- nevermind!

* Ropes acting funny at borders
  Still reproducible when picking up a bonus at the edge of the
  map. My guess is that the chain is not modified to handle the
  wrapping like it is for bullets.

* Stealthy ships are given away by the dragged bonuses, and by the shield
* DONE Menu disappear in Chrome.
  CLOSED: [2011-07-29 Fri 14:45]
  Open/close the menu enough times, and it will never reappear.

  Pressing Escape, M, and clicking do change the menu class (from
  hidden to visible and back), but no menu is visible and the canvas
  is frozen.

  Pressing again Escape or M or clicking outside the menu (invisible)
  area will unfreeze the game.

  Reproducible in Chromium 13.0.752.0 (83651) but not FF 5.0.
  System: Ubuntu Linux 11.04.

  --

  Might be tied to the CSS transition applied when changing the menu
  visibility.  Or changing the visiblity property itself. We hide the
  menu to stop the CSS animation from being processed and eating CPU
  while the menu is only fully transparent.  Maybe we could just stop
  the CSS animation, and only change the menu opacity, if that will
  prevent the menu from disappearing.

  --

  Not reproducible on Chromium 14.0.803.0 (90483). Instead, when
  opening and closing the menu rapidly with M, the colorwheel SVG
  image is replaced by a screenshot of the menu, and recursively for a
  nice Escher effect.

  Zooming out changes the SVG to other graphics: the close button, and
  icons, until a black rectangle fill the colorwheel box. It stays
  that way after that, and no amount of opening/closing the menu or
  zooming in or out seem to affect the black rectangle.

  I'll assume this was a Chromium 13 beta bug, and attribute the strange
  behavior with the colorwheel SVG to the dev build.

  On another note, it definitely looks like Chromium 14 antialiases the
  canvas. Not quite like FF, as the satellite borders are still acting
  funny, but it's on good track. The FPS counter clocks at 130 now
  ... even though VSync is enabled. Spacewar reports a solid 63, which
  is more likely and also very good.
